Q.1  Whats React and its pros and cons?

Ans = React is a free and open-source front-end javascript library for building user interfaces based on components. It is maintained
by Meta and a community of individual developers and companies. React can be used to develop single-page, mobile, or server-rendered 
applications with frameworks like Next.js.

Pros:
1. Easy to learn and use: REACTJS is much easier to learn and use. It comes with a good supply of documentation, tutorials and training
   resources. Any developer who comes from a javascript background can easily understand and start creating web apps using react in a few days.
2. Creating Dynamic Web Applications Easier: It provides less coding and gives more functionality. It makes use of the JSX(Javascript
Extension), which is a particular syntax letting HTML quotes and HTML tag syntax to render particular subcomponents.

3. Reusable Components: A ReactJS web application is made up of multiple components, and each component has its own logic and controls.
   The reusable code helps to make your apps easier to develop and maintain.
   
5.  Performance Enhancement: ReactJS improves performance due to virtual DOM. The DOM is a cross-platform and programming API which deals with HTML, XML or XHTML.   

Cons:
1. The high pace of development: the environment continually changes so fast, some of the developers not feeling comfortable to relearn new ways of doing things regularly. It may be hard for them to adopt all these changes with all the continuous updates.

2.  Poor Documentation: It is another cons which are common for constantly updating technologies. React technologies updating and accelerating so fast that there is no time to make proper documentation.

3.   JSX as a barrier: ReactJS uses JSX. It's a syntax extension that allows HTML with JavaScript mixed together. This approach has its own benefits, but some members of the development community consider JSX as a barrier, especially for new developers.
   
